README.md, before:

# Playstation deals search

Collects deals from playstation store and provides a semantic search uppon them. There are multiple services that facilitates this.

## Servces

### Crawler
Is a web crawler that will collect the deals from playstation store and dispatch each game to nats. This is supposed to be executed as a periodic job, not to be deplyed as a permanently running service.
 - in `./ps_crawler` directory.
 - Dependencies
    - [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/)
 - Consumed by [ps_ingest](#ingest)

### Ingest
Consumes games from crawler service and serilaizes them to database. Is dispatching synchronous requests to [embedder service](#embedder) to receive text embeddings
 - in `./ps_ingest` directory
 - Dependencies
    - [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/)
    - [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) with [pgvector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector) extension
    - [embedder service](#embedder)

### Embedder
Is used to provide embedding inference from a trained model, which it downloads from [huggingface](https://huggingface.co/) on startup.
 - in `./psembedding`
 - Dependencies
    - [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/)
 - Used by
    - [ingest service](#ingest)

## Setup

To establish environment variables you can create a `resources/.env` file. See `resources/.env.sample`.

The dependencies can be initialized on local with docker.
```shell
docker compose -f resources/docker-compose.dev.yaml up -d
```

Each service than has it's own setup with it's own `.env` file. It is important to keep the env variables such as tokens in sync. See respective `README.md` files for more info.

You can open the pgAdmin on http://localhost:5000. For credentials see `resources/.env`

Commit message:

chore: update main README.md

README.md, after:

# Playstation deals search

Collects deals from playstation store and provides a semantic search uppon them. There are multiple services that facilitates this.

## Servces

### Crawler
Is a web crawler that will collect the deals from playstation store and dispatch each game to nats. This is supposed to be executed as a periodic job, not to be deplyed as a permanently running service.
 - in `./ps_crawler` directory.
 - Dependencies
    - [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/)
 - Consumed by [ps_ingest](#ingest)

### Ingest
Consumes games from crawler service and serilaizes them to database. Is dispatching synchronous requests to [embedder service](#embedder) to receive text embeddings
 - in `./ps_ingest` directory
 - Dependencies
    - [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/)
    - [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) with [pgvector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector) extension
    - [embedder service](#embedder)

### Embedder
Is used to provide embedding inference from a trained model, which it downloads from [huggingface](https://huggingface.co/) on startup.
 - in `./psembedding`
 - Dependencies
    - [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/)
 - Used by
    - [ingest service](#ingest)

## Setup

To establish environment variables you can create a `resources/.env` file. See `resources/.env.sample`.

The dependencies can be initialized on local with docker.
```shell
docker compose -f resources/docker-compose.dev.yaml up -d
```

Each service than has it's own setup with it's own `.env` file. It is important to keep the env variables such as tokens in sync. See respective `README.md` files for more info.

### Notes
You can open the pgAdmin on http://localhost:5000.

*To login to pgAdmin see `resources/docker-compose.dev.yaml` for env variables which hold credentials*
*In order to setup pgAdmin on local use `postgres` as host. For credentials see `resources/.env`*

To see logs use (see `resources/docker-compose.dev.yaml` for service names):
```shell
docker compose -f resources/docker-compose.dev.yaml logs -f --tail 250 [service_name]
```

After you're done it's best to stop and cleanup the resources.
```shell
docker compose -f resources/docker-compose.dev.yaml down -v
```

There's not migration mechanism (yet). To update postgres schema see `resources/pg_init.sql`
